docs: update create injection token (#104)
nartc/ngxtension-platform: docs/src/content/docs/utilities/Injectors/create-injection-token.md

Note that if `token` is passed in and `isRoot: true`, `createInjectionToken` will throw an error.

> ### `CreateNooptInjectionToken`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `createNooptInjectionToken`
```

As the name suggested, `createNooptInjectionToken` is the same as `createInjectionToken` but instead of factory function, it accepts description and options. This is useful when we want to create a `multi` token but we do not have a factory function.

It also **supports a generic type** for the `InjectionToken` that it creates:

```ts
const [injectFn, provideFn] = createNoopInjectionToken<number, true>('description', { multi: true });

injectFn(); // number[]
provideFn(1); // accepts number
provideFn(() => 1); // accepts a factory returning a number;
```

:::tip[Note]

> Note **true** inside `createNoopInjectionToken<number, true>`, this means this is a `multi` token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note **true** inside `createNoopInjectionToken<number, true>` and in `multi: true`. This is to help TypeScript to return the correct type for `injectFn` and `provideFn`
```

:::

Even though it's meant for `multi` token, it can be used for non-multi token as well:

```ts
const [injectFn, provideFn] = createNoopInjectionToken<number>('description');
injectFn(); // number;
provideFn(1); // accepts number
provideFn(() => 1); // accepts a factory returning a number;
```

## `ProvideFn`

> `createInjectionToken` and `createNoopInjectionToken` returns a `provideFn` which is a function that accepts either a value or a **factory function** that returns the value. The second argument is a boolean that indicates whether the value is a factory function or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`createInjectionToken` and `createNoopInjectionToken` returns a `provideFn` which is a function that accepts either a value or a **factory function** that returns the value.

In the case where the value of the token is a `Function` (i.e: `NG_VALIDATORS` is a multi token whose values are functions), `provideFn` accepts a 2nd argument to distinguish between a **factory function** or a **function as value**
```

```ts

> const [injectFn, provideFn] = createInjectionToken(() => 1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const [injectFn, provideFn] = createInjectionToken(() => {
    // this token returns Function as value
    return () => 1; 
});
```
